Payment Gateway Integration
Description
The Payment Gateway Integration project is a Spring Boot application designed to facilitate seamless integration with various payment gateways. This project demonstrates how to build a robust and scalable payment processing system using modern Java technologies. It includes features such as handling multiple payment schemes, secure transaction processing, and integration with external payment systems.

Features
Multiple Payment Schemes: Supports various payment methods including credit cards and bank transfers.
RESTful APIs: Provides RESTful endpoints for creating and retrieving payment transactions.
Secure Transactions: Implements security measures to ensure safe and secure payment processing.
Database Integration: Uses JPA and Hibernate for database operations with MySQL.
Modular Architecture: Organized into distinct layers for entity, repository, service, and controller.
Real-time Messaging: Integrates with NATS for high-performance, real-time messaging.
Technologies Used
Java 17
Spring Boot
Spring Data JPA
Hibernate
MySQL
Maven
NATS
Project Structure
payment-gateway
└── src
    ├── main
    │   └── java
    │       └── com
    │           └── example
    │               └── payment_gateway
    │                   ├── PaymentGatewayApplication.java
    │                   ├── config
    │                   │   └── NatsConfig.java
    │                   ├── entity
    │                   │   └── Payment.java
    │                   ├── repository
    │                   │   └── PaymentRepository.java
    │                   ├── service
    │                   │   └── PaymentService.java
    │                   └── controller
    │                       └── PaymentController.java
    └── test
        └── java
            └── com
                └── example
                    └── payment_gateway
                        ├── PaymentRepositoryTest.java
                        └── PaymentServiceTest.java
Getting Started
Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/payment-gateway.git
cd payment-gateway
Configure the database:

Create a MySQL database named payment_gateway.
Update the application.properties file with your database credentials.
Build and run the application:

mvn clean install
mvn spring-boot:run
Access the application:

The application will be available at http://localhost:8080.
API Endpoints
Create Payment: POST /api/payments
Get Payment by ID: GET /api/payments/{id}
Get All Payments: GET /api/payments
NATS Integration
NATS is a high-performance messaging system designed for real-time communication. It is used in this project to facilitate real-time messaging between different components of the application.

Key Features of NATS
Performance: Designed for high throughput and low latency.
Scalability: Can handle a large number of connections and messages.
Simplicity: Easy to set up and use with minimal configuration.
Flexibility: Supports various messaging patterns like publish-subscribe, request-reply, and queue groups.